README.md, before:

# Algorithms
Each directory in this repo contains only a readme file describing the algorithm that you need to implement

## How to work
Create your own branch: <your name>/main
This will, from now on, be your main branch.
For each algorithm, create a seperate branch <your name>/<algorithm name> and implement it on that branch.
once the algorithm is fully implemented, and you are happy with the results, open a PR pushing your algorithm branch to your main branch.

#### Example:
I will create a branch called tf/main.
when I develop the algorithm called fibonacci, I will create a branch called tf/fibonacci.
When ready, I will create a PR from tf/fibonacci to tf/main.

## How to test yourselves
In each exercise, there is already a list of tests under the function test() which you can call from the main block of the exercise. 
Also, in some exercises, there is some useful command examples already implemented in the main block. you may modify those as you please.

## Branches PATBAS/*
For each algorithm there is a branch names PATBAS/<algorithm name>.
This branch contains a suggested implementation for the algorithms.
For some of these algorithms there might be more than one solution.

The purpose of this branch is to help you in case you get stuck. Please do not look at the solution before trying yourself first as it will simply ruin the fun :)

*** There might be other solutions not implemented here. This is merely a suggestion.

Commit message:

added python files and tests for all advanced algorithms

README.md, after:

# Algorithms
Each directory in this repo contains only a readme file describing the algorithm that you need to implement

## How to work
Create your own branch: <your name>/main
This will, from now on, be your main branch.
For each algorithm, create a seperate branch <your name>/<algorithm name> and implement it on that branch.
once the algorithm is fully implemented, and you are happy with the results, open a PR pushing your algorithm branch to your main branch.

#### Example:
I will create a branch called tf/main.
when I develop the algorithm called fibonacci, I will create a branch called tf/fibonacci.
When ready, I will create a PR from tf/fibonacci to tf/main.

## How to test yourselves
In each exercise, there is already a list of tests under the *_test.py file which you can run by running the file with python. 
Also, in some Expert level exercises, there is some useful command examples already implemented in the main block. you may modify those as you please. These are intended to help you understand the objects required to implement these algorithms.

## Branches PATBAS/*
For each algorithm there is a branch names PATBAS/<algorithm name>.
This branch contains a suggested implementation for the algorithms.
For some of these algorithms there might be more than one solution.

The purpose of this branch is to help you in case you get stuck. Please do not look at the solution before trying yourself first as it will simply ruin the fun :)

*** There might be other solutions not implemented here. This is merely a suggestion.
